spring-cloud-starter-stream-source-sftp/README.adoc, before:

//tag::ref-doc[]
= SFTP Source

This source app supports transfer of files using the SFTP protocol.
Files are transferred from the `remote` directory to the `local` directory where the application is deployed.

Messages emitted by the source are provided as a byte array by default. However, this can be
customized using the `--mode` option:

- *ref* Provides a `java.io.File` reference
- *lines* Will split files line-by-line and emit a new message for each line
- *contents* The default. Provides the contents of a file as a byte array

When using `--mode=lines`, you can also provide the additional option `--withMarkers=true`.
If set to `true`, the underlying `FileSplitter` will emit additional _start-of-file_ and _end-of-file_ marker messages before and after the actual data.
The payload of these 2 additional marker messages is of type `FileSplitter.FileMarker`. The option `withMarkers` defaults to `false` if not explicitly set.

== Options

The **$$sftp$$** $$source$$ has the following options:

//tag::configuration-properties[]
$$file.consumer.markers-json$$:: $$When 'fileMarkers == true', specify if they should be produced
 as FileSplitter.FileMarker objects or JSON.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$true$$`)*
$$file.consumer.mode$$:: $$The FileReadingMode to use for file reading sources.
 Values are 'ref' - The File object,
 'lines' - a message per line, or
 'contents' - the contents as bytes.$$ *($$FileReadingMode$$, default: `$$<none>$$`, possible values: `ref`,`lines`,`contents`)*
$$file.consumer.with-markers$$:: $$Set to true to emit start of file/end of file marker messages before/after the data.
 	Only valid with FileReadingMode 'lines'.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.auto-create-local-dir$$:: $$Set to true to create the local directory if it does not exist.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$true$$`)*
$$sftp.delete-remote-files$$:: $$Set to true to delete remote files after successful transfer.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$false$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.allow-unknown-keys$$:: $$True to allow an unknown or changed key.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$false$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.cache-sessions$$:: $$Cache sessions$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.host$$:: $$The host name of the server.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$localhost$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.known-hosts-expression$$:: $$A SpEL expression resolving to the location of the known hosts file.$$ *($$Expression$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.pass-phrase$$:: $$Passphrase for user's private key.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<empty string>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.password$$:: $$The password to use to connect to the server.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.port$$:: $$The port of the server.$$ *($$Integer$$, default: `$$22$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.private-key$$:: $$Resource location of user's private key.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<empty string>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.username$$:: $$The username to use to connect to the server.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.filename-pattern$$:: $$A filter pattern to match the names of files to transfer.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.filename-regex$$:: $$A filter regex pattern to match the names of files to transfer.$$ *($$Pattern$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.local-dir$$:: $$The local directory to use for file transfers.$$ *($$File$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.preserve-timestamp$$:: $$Set to true to preserve the original timestamp.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$true$$`)*
$$sftp.remote-dir$$:: $$The remote FTP directory.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$/$$`)*
$$sftp.remote-file-separator$$:: $$The remote file separator.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$/$$`)*
$$sftp.stream$$:: $$Set to true to stream the file rather than copy to a local directory.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$false$$`)*
$$sftp.tmp-file-suffix$$:: $$The suffix to use while the transfer is in progress.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$.tmp$$`)*
$$trigger.cron$$:: $$Cron expression value for the Cron Trigger.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$trigger.date-format$$:: $$Format for the date value.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$trigger.fixed-delay$$:: $$Fixed delay for periodic triggers.$$ *($$Integer$$, default: `$$1$$`)*
$$trigger.initial-delay$$:: $$Initial delay for periodic triggers.$$ *($$Integer$$, default: `$$0$$`)*
$$trigger.max-messages$$:: $$Maximum messages per poll, -1 means infinity.$$ *($$Long$$, default: `$$-1$$`)*
$$trigger.time-unit$$:: $$The TimeUnit to apply to delay values.$$ *($$TimeUnit$$, default: `$$SECONDS$$`, possible values: `NANOSECONDS`,`MICROSECONDS`,`MILLISECONDS`,`SECONDS`,`MINUTES`,`HOURS`,`DAYS`)*
//end::configuration-properties[]

//end::ref-doc[]
== Build

```
$> mvn package
```

Commit message:

Add Example for known hosts expression.

spring-cloud-starter-stream-source-sftp/README.adoc, after:

//tag::ref-doc[]
= SFTP Source

This source app supports transfer of files using the SFTP protocol.
Files are transferred from the `remote` directory to the `local` directory where the application is deployed.

Messages emitted by the source are provided as a byte array by default. However, this can be
customized using the `--mode` option:

- *ref* Provides a `java.io.File` reference
- *lines* Will split files line-by-line and emit a new message for each line
- *contents* The default. Provides the contents of a file as a byte array

When using `--mode=lines`, you can also provide the additional option `--withMarkers=true`.
If set to `true`, the underlying `FileSplitter` will emit additional _start-of-file_ and _end-of-file_ marker messages before and after the actual data.
The payload of these 2 additional marker messages is of type `FileSplitter.FileMarker`. The option `withMarkers` defaults to `false` if not explicitly set.

When configuring the `sftp.factory.known-hosts-expression` option, the root object of the evaluation is the application context, an example might be `sftp.factory.known-hosts-expression = @systemProperties['user.home'] + '/.ssh/known_hosts'`.

== Options

The **$$sftp$$** $$source$$ has the following options:

//tag::configuration-properties[]
$$file.consumer.markers-json$$:: $$When 'fileMarkers == true', specify if they should be produced
 as FileSplitter.FileMarker objects or JSON.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$true$$`)*
$$file.consumer.mode$$:: $$The FileReadingMode to use for file reading sources.
 Values are 'ref' - The File object,
 'lines' - a message per line, or
 'contents' - the contents as bytes.$$ *($$FileReadingMode$$, default: `$$<none>$$`, possible values: `ref`,`lines`,`contents`)*
$$file.consumer.with-markers$$:: $$Set to true to emit start of file/end of file marker messages before/after the data.
 	Only valid with FileReadingMode 'lines'.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.auto-create-local-dir$$:: $$Set to true to create the local directory if it does not exist.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$true$$`)*
$$sftp.delete-remote-files$$:: $$Set to true to delete remote files after successful transfer.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$false$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.allow-unknown-keys$$:: $$True to allow an unknown or changed key.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$false$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.cache-sessions$$:: $$Cache sessions$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.host$$:: $$The host name of the server.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$localhost$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.known-hosts-expression$$:: $$A SpEL expression resolving to the location of the known hosts file.$$ *($$Expression$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.pass-phrase$$:: $$Passphrase for user's private key.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<empty string>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.password$$:: $$The password to use to connect to the server.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.port$$:: $$The port of the server.$$ *($$Integer$$, default: `$$22$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.private-key$$:: $$Resource location of user's private key.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<empty string>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.username$$:: $$The username to use to connect to the server.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.filename-pattern$$:: $$A filter pattern to match the names of files to transfer.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.filename-regex$$:: $$A filter regex pattern to match the names of files to transfer.$$ *($$Pattern$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.local-dir$$:: $$The local directory to use for file transfers.$$ *($$File$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.preserve-timestamp$$:: $$Set to true to preserve the original timestamp.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$true$$`)*
$$sftp.remote-dir$$:: $$The remote FTP directory.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$/$$`)*
$$sftp.remote-file-separator$$:: $$The remote file separator.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$/$$`)*
$$sftp.stream$$:: $$Set to true to stream the file rather than copy to a local directory.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$false$$`)*
$$sftp.tmp-file-suffix$$:: $$The suffix to use while the transfer is in progress.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$.tmp$$`)*
$$trigger.cron$$:: $$Cron expression value for the Cron Trigger.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$trigger.date-format$$:: $$Format for the date value.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$trigger.fixed-delay$$:: $$Fixed delay for periodic triggers.$$ *($$Integer$$, default: `$$1$$`)*
$$trigger.initial-delay$$:: $$Initial delay for periodic triggers.$$ *($$Integer$$, default: `$$0$$`)*
$$trigger.max-messages$$:: $$Maximum messages per poll, -1 means infinity.$$ *($$Long$$, default: `$$-1$$`)*
$$trigger.time-unit$$:: $$The TimeUnit to apply to delay values.$$ *($$TimeUnit$$, default: `$$SECONDS$$`, possible values: `NANOSECONDS`,`MICROSECONDS`,`MILLISECONDS`,`SECONDS`,`MINUTES`,`HOURS`,`DAYS`)*
//end::configuration-properties[]

//end::ref-doc[]
== Build

```
$> mvn package
```
