spring-cloud-starter-stream-sink-sftp/README.adoc, before:

//tag::ref-doc[]
= SFTP Sink

SFTP sink is a simple option to push files to an SFTP server from incoming messages.

It uses an `sftp-outbound-adapter`, therefore incoming messages can be either a `java.io.File` object, a `String` (content of the file)
or an array of `bytes` (file content as well).

To use this sink, you need a username and a password to login.

NOTE: By default Spring Integration will use `o.s.i.file.DefaultFileNameGenerator` if none is specified. `DefaultFileNameGenerator` will determine the file name
based on the value of the `file_name` header (if it exists) in the `MessageHeaders`, or if the payload of the `Message` is already a `java.io.File`, then it will
use the original name of that file.

== Options

The **$$sftp$$** $$sink$$ has the following options:

//tag::configuration-properties[]
$$sftp.auto-create-dir$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.allow-unknown-keys$$:: $$True to allow an unknown or changed key.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$false$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.cache-sessions$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.host$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.known-hosts-expression$$:: $$A SpEL expression resolving to the location of the known hosts file.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.pass-phrase$$:: $$Passphrase for user's private key.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<empty string>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.password$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.port$$:: $$The port of the server.$$ *($$Integer$$, default: `$$22$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.private-key$$:: $$Resource location of user's private key.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<empty string>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.username$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.filename-expression$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$Expression$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.mode$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$FileExistsMode$$, default: `$$<none>$$`, possible values: `APPEND`,`APPEND_NO_FLUSH`,`FAIL`,`IGNORE`,`REPLACE`)*
$$sftp.remote-dir$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.remote-file-separator$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.temporary-remote-dir$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.tmp-file-suffix$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.use-temporary-filename$$:: $$<documentation missing>$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
//end::configuration-properties[]

//end::ref-doc[]

== Build

```
$ mvn clean package
```

Commit message:

GH-2: Add Streaming Support to SFTP Source
Resolves spring-cloud-stream-app-starters/sftp#2

Also, flatten properties to avoid missing descriptions in READMEs.

Fix knownHostsExpression

Add Example for known hosts expression.

Polishing

spring-cloud-starter-stream-sink-sftp/README.adoc, after:

//tag::ref-doc[]
= SFTP Sink

SFTP sink is a simple option to push files to an SFTP server from incoming messages.

It uses an `sftp-outbound-adapter`, therefore incoming messages can be either a `java.io.File` object, a `String` (content of the file)
or an array of `bytes` (file content as well).

To use this sink, you need a username and a password to login.

NOTE: By default Spring Integration will use `o.s.i.file.DefaultFileNameGenerator` if none is specified. `DefaultFileNameGenerator` will determine the file name
based on the value of the `file_name` header (if it exists) in the `MessageHeaders`, or if the payload of the `Message` is already a `java.io.File`, then it will
use the original name of that file.

When configuring the `sftp.factory.known-hosts-expression` option, the root object of the evaluation is the application context, an example might be `sftp.factory.known-hosts-expression = @systemProperties['user.home'] + '/.ssh/known_hosts'`.

== Options

The **$$sftp$$** $$sink$$ has the following options:

//tag::configuration-properties[]
$$sftp.auto-create-dir$$:: $$Whether or not to create the remote directory.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$true$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.allow-unknown-keys$$:: $$True to allow an unknown or changed key.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$false$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.cache-sessions$$:: $$Cache sessions$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.host$$:: $$The host name of the server.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$localhost$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.known-hosts-expression$$:: $$A SpEL expression resolving to the location of the known hosts file.$$ *($$Expression$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.pass-phrase$$:: $$Passphrase for user's private key.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<empty string>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.password$$:: $$The password to use to connect to the server.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.port$$:: $$The port of the server.$$ *($$Integer$$, default: `$$22$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.private-key$$:: $$Resource location of user's private key.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<empty string>$$`)*
$$sftp.factory.username$$:: $$The username to use to connect to the server.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.filename-expression$$:: $$A SpEL expression to generate the remote file name.$$ *($$Expression$$, default: `$$<none>$$`)*
$$sftp.mode$$:: $$Action to take if the remote file already exists.$$ *($$FileExistsMode$$, default: `$$<none>$$`, possible values: `APPEND`,`APPEND_NO_FLUSH`,`FAIL`,`IGNORE`,`REPLACE`)*
$$sftp.remote-dir$$:: $$The remote FTP directory.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$/$$`)*
$$sftp.remote-file-separator$$:: $$The remote file separator.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$/$$`)*
$$sftp.temporary-remote-dir$$:: $$A temporary directory where the file will be written if {@link #isUseTemporaryFilename()}
 is true.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$/$$`)*
$$sftp.tmp-file-suffix$$:: $$The suffix to use while the transfer is in progress.$$ *($$String$$, default: `$$.tmp$$`)*
$$sftp.use-temporary-filename$$:: $$Whether or not to write to a temporary file and rename.$$ *($$Boolean$$, default: `$$true$$`)*
//end::configuration-properties[]

//end::ref-doc[]

== Build

```
$ mvn clean package
```
